A simple way to protect ourselves on the Internet,
is to set up our browsers to be as secure as possible.
This also protects our private information.
Let me show you how to use Web browser security settings in Chrome.
To access Chrome security settings,
click on the three little dots at the top right corner, and highlight settings.
This opens the Settings tab.
In settings, you can then go to privacy and security,
and you can see all of the different security settings,
you have available within Chrome.
You can clear your browsing history,
and this basically removes your tracks on this local browser.
This does not remove all of your tracks, by the way,
this is just what you've been doing here within this browser.
This will continue to show where
you've been on the Internet through your network routers,
your Internet service provider.
Just wanted to clarify,
this just clears it for the local browser.
You click the "Clear Data" button,
and this will remove my history for the last hour.
Now let me show you site settings within Google Chrome.
These are all of the different security and privacy settings within Chrome.
For example, what type of cookies may be collected?
Now, cookies are just little bits and trails that you leave on websites.
I'll show this a little bit more in a future video.
The question here though is,
are you going to allow sites to save and read your cookie data?
It's recommended because really the Internet requires us to be fully functional.
You can clear your cookies automatically when you leave Chrome,
and blocking third-party cookies will basically,
if there's a site that has a third party website affiliated with it,
you can say no, you can't leave cookies on my local machine.
Other security settings within Chrome can be location, your camera.
Can Chrome use your camera without asking you first?
Same thing with the microphone,
as well as other types of notifications.
There are many security and privacy settings available within Chrome and other browsers.
Take some time to explore them on your own computer,
to best protect yourself online.